added content for missing error message cs1997 (#31212)
dotnet/docs: docs/csharp/language-reference/compiler-messages/cs1997.md

---
description: "Compiler Error CS1997"
title: "Compiler Error CS1997"
ms.date: 9/12/2022
f1_keywords:
  - "CS1997"
helpviewer_keywords:
  - "CS1997"
---
# Compiler Error CS1997

> Since is an async method that returns 'Task', a return keyword must not be followed by an object expression. Did you intend to return 'Task\<T\>'?

Reviewer: If these are backticks, the `<` and `>` don't need to be escaped. They'll also be formatted as code:

```suggestion
Since is an async method that returns `Task`, a return keyword must not be followed by an object expression. Did you intend to return `Task<T>`?
```

```csharp
using System.Threading.Tasks;
class C
{
    public static async Task F1()
    {
        return await Task.Factory.StartNew(() => 1);
    }
}
```

## To correct this error

A `return` statement in an `async` method returns the result of an awaitable statement.  If the awaitable statement does not have a result, the state machine emitted by the compiler encapsulates returning the non-generic `Task`, eliminating the need for a `return` statement.   Encountering error CS1995 means the referenced code includes a `return` statement that conflicts with the `async` modifier and the method's `return` type.  The error indicates that the current method's implementation does not align with its initial intent.  The simplest way to correct the error is to remove the `return` statement:

```csharp
    public static async Task F1()
    {
        await Task.Factory.StartNew(() => 1);
    }
```

But, the resulting implementation no longer needs the `async` modifier or the `await` operator.  A more accurate way of correcting this error is not to remove the `return` statement, but to remove the `async` modifier and the `await` operator:

```csharp
    public static Task F1()
    {

>         Task.Factory.StartNew(() => 1);

Reviewer: The `return` statement was also removed:

```suggestion
        return Task.Factory.StartNew(() => 1);
```
